[APPSEC-58] Modify rule S5146: Educational content (C#) (#1138)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5146/csharp/how-to-fix-it/dotnet.adoc

> === How to fix it in Java SE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== How to fix it in ASP.NET
```

The following code is vulnerable to open redirection as it constructs a URL with user-controllable data. This URL is then used to redirect the user without being first validated.

> This can be leveraged by an attacker to manipulate users into performing unwanted redirects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An attacker can leverage this to manipulate users into performing unwanted redirects.
```

[cols="a"]
|===
h| Non-compliant code example
|
[source,csharp]
----
using System.Web;
using System.Web.Mvc;

public class HelloController : Controller
{
    [HttpGet]
    public void Hello(string url)
    {

>         return Redirect(url);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Response.Redirect(url);
```

Reviewer: We either use Response.Redirect when dealing with void or we need to return an IActionResult.

    }
}
----
h| Compliant solution
|
[source,csharp]
----
using System.Web;
using System.Web.Mvc;

public class HelloController : Controller
{
    private readonly string[] allowedUrls = { "/", "/login", "/logout" };

    [HttpGet]
    public void Hello(string url)

    {
        if (allowedUrls.Contains(url))
        {

>             return Redirect(url);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Response.Redirect(url);
```

        }
    }
}
----
|===

=== How does this work?

In case the application strictly requires redirecting based on user-controllable data, this could be done using the following alternatives:
1. Using an allow-list approach, in case the destination URLs are limited;

> 2. Adding a customized page to which users are redirected, warning about the imminent action as well as requiring manual authorization to proceed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Adding a customized page to which users are redirected, warning about the imminent action and requiring manual authorization to proceed.
```
